Minor guide updates (#272)
zaksabeast/PokemonRNGGuides: guides/Tools and Emulators/mGBA Setup.mdx

### Error: `attempt to call a nil value (method 'setWatchpoint')`

Make sure to use the development build of mGBA linked above. Other versions of mGBA will show this error.

> ### Error: 'attempt to index a nil value (global 'emu')'
> 
> Make sure you have loaded up a Rom/save before attempting to run you lua script

Reviewer: Two small tweaks:
```suggestion
### Error: `attempt to index a nil value (global 'emu')`

Make sure you have loaded a rom before attempting to run your lua script.
```
